#
# DVB driver configuration
#

menu "Amlogic DVB driver"

config AM_DVB
	tristate "AMLOGIC DVB driver"
	default n
	select DVB_CORE
	help
		Select to enable AMLogic DVB driver.
		Y: enable
		N: disable
		M: build as module

config AM_ATVDEMOD
	tristate "Amlogic ATVDEMOD device driver"
	default n
	help
	  ATVDEMOD device driver.
		Y: enable
		N: disable
		M: build as module

config AM_DTVDEMOD
	tristate "Amlogic DTVDEMOD device driver"
	default n
	depends on AM_DVB
	help
		DTVDEMOD device driver.
		Y: enable
		N: disable
		M: build as module
menu "AMLOGIC CI Driver"

config AM_CI
	tristate "Amlogic Common Interface driver"
	default n
	depends on AM_DVB
	select AM_PCMCIA
	select AM_IOBUS
	help
		Select to enable Amlogic CI driver.
		Y: enable
		N: disable
		M: build as module
config AM_PCMCIA
	tristate "Amlogic PCMCIA driver"
	default n
	help
		Select to enable Amlogic PCMCIA driver.
		Y: enable
		N: disable
		M: build as module
config AM_IOBUS
	tristate "Amlogic IOBUS driver"
	default n
	help
		Select to enable Amlogic IOBUS driver.
		Y: enable
		N: disable
		M: build as module
endmenu

if !OF

config AMLOGIC_TS0
	bool "Enable TS0"
	default n
	depends on AM_DVB
	help
		Enable TS0.
		Y: enable
		N: disable
		M: build as module
config AMLOGIC_S_TS0
	bool "Serial TS0"
	default n
	depends on AMLOGIC_TS0
	help
		TS0 in serial mode.
		Y: enable
		N: disable
		M: build as module
config AMLOGIC_TS0_INVERT_S2P1_FEC_ERROR
	bool "Invert FEC_ERROR TS0"
	default n
	depends on AMLOGIC_S_TS0
	help
		TS0 FEC_ERROR invert
		Y: enable
		N: disable
		M: build as module
config AMLOGIC_TS0_INVERT_S2P1_FEC_DATA
	bool "Invert FEC_DATA TS0"
	default n
	depends on AMLOGIC_S_TS0
	help
		TS0 FEC_DATA invert
		Y: enable
		N: disable
		M: build as module
config AMLOGIC_TS0_INVERT_S2P1_FEC_SYNC
	bool "Invert FEC_SYNC TS0"
	default n
	depends on AMLOGIC_S_TS0
	help
		TS0 FEC_SYNC invert
		Y: enable
		N: disable
		M: build as module
config AMLOGIC_TS0_INVERT_S2P1_FEC_VALID
	bool "Invert FEC_VALID TS0"
	default n
	depends on AMLOGIC_S_TS0
	help
		TS0 FEC_VALID invert
		Y: enable
		N: disable
		M: build as module
config AMLOGIC_TS0_INVERT_S2P1_FEC_CLK
	bool "Invert FEC_CLK TS0"
	default n
	depends on AMLOGIC_S_TS0
	help
		TS0 FEC_CLK invert
		Y: enable
		N: disable
		M: build as module
config AMLOGIC_TS1
	bool "Enable TS1"
	default n
	depends on AM_DVB
	help
		Enable TS1.
		Y: enable
		N: disable
		M: build as module
config AMLOGIC_S_TS1
	bool "Serial TS1"
	default n
	depends on AMLOGIC_TS1
	help
		TS1 in serial mode.
		Y: enable
		N: disable
		M: build as module
config AMLOGIC_TS1_INVERT_S2P1_FEC_ERROR
	bool "Invert FEC_ERROR TS1"
	default n
	depends on AMLOGIC_S_TS1
	help
		TS1 FEC_ERROR invert
		Y: enable
		N: disable
		M: build as module
config AMLOGIC_TS1_INVERT_S2P1_FEC_DATA
	bool "Invert FEC_DATA TS1"
	default n
	depends on AMLOGIC_S_TS1
	help
		TS1 FEC_DATA invert
		Y: enable
		N: disable
		M: build as module
config AMLOGIC_TS1_INVERT_S2P1_FEC_SYNC
	bool "Invert FEC_SYNC TS1"
	default n
	depends on AMLOGIC_S_TS1
	help
		TS1 FEC_SYNC invert
		Y: enable
		N: disable
		M: build as module
config AMLOGIC_TS1_INVERT_S2P1_FEC_VALID
	bool "Invert FEC_VALID TS1"
	default n
	depends on AMLOGIC_S_TS1
	help
		TS1 FEC_VALID invert
		Y: enable
		N: disable
		M: build as module
config AMLOGIC_TS1_INVERT_S2P1_FEC_CLK
	bool "Invert FEC_CLK TS1"
	default n
	depends on AMLOGIC_S_TS1
	help
		TS1 FEC_CLK invert
		Y: enable
		N: disable
		M: build as module
config AMLOGIC_TS2
	bool "Enable TS2"
	default n
	depends on AM_DVB
	help
		Enable TS2.
		Y: enable
		N: disable
		M: build as module
config AMLOGIC_S_TS2
	bool "Serial TS2"
	default n
	depends on AMLOGIC_TS2
	help
		TS2 in serial mode.
		Y: enable
		N: disable
		M: build as module
config AMLOGIC_TS2_INVERT_S2P1_FEC_ERROR
	bool "Invert FEC_ERROR TS2"
	default n
	depends on AMLOGIC_S_TS2
	help
		TS2 FEC_ERROR invert
		Y: enable
		N: disable
		M: build as module
config AMLOGIC_TS2_INVERT_S2P1_FEC_DATA
	bool "Invert FEC_DATA TS2"
	default n
	depends on AMLOGIC_S_TS2
	help
		TS2 FEC_DATA invert
		Y: enable
		N: disable
		M: build as module
config AMLOGIC_TS2_INVERT_S2P1_FEC_SYNC
	bool "Invert FEC_SYNC TS2"
	default n
	depends on AMLOGIC_S_TS2
	help
		TS2 FEC_SYNC invert
		Y: enable
		N: disable
		M: build as module
config AMLOGIC_TS2_INVERT_S2P1_FEC_VALID
	bool "Invert FEC_VALID TS2"
	default n
	depends on AMLOGIC_S_TS2
	help
		TS2 FEC_VALID invert
		Y: enable
		N: disable
		M: build as module
config AMLOGIC_TS2_INVERT_S2P1_FEC_CLK
	bool "Invert FEC_CLK TS2"
	default n
	depends on AMLOGIC_S_TS2
	help
		TS2 FEC_CLK invert
		Y: enable
		N: disable
		M: build as module
endif


if ARCH_MESON6TV || ARCH_MESON6TVD
config ATMB_DEMOD
	tristate "ATMB demod driver"
	default n
	depends on AM_DVB
	help
		Select to enable ATMB demod driver.
		Y: enable
		N: disable
		M: build as module
endif

config AM_SI2157
	tristate "SI2157 tuner"
	default n
	depends on AM_DVB
	help
		select the 2157 tuner.
		Y: enable
		N: disable
		M: build as module
config AM_SI2177
	tristate "SI2177 tuner"
	default n
	depends on AM_DVB
	help
		select the 2177 tuner.
		Y: enable
		N: disable
		M: build as module
config AM_AVL6211
	tristate "AVL6211 DVB-S2 demod driver"
	default n
	depends on AM_DVB
	help
		select the AVL6211 DVB-S2 demod.
		Y: enable
		N: disable
		M: build as module
config AM_SI2168
	tristate "SI2168 demod driver"
	default n
	depends on AM_DVB
	help
		Select to enable SI2168 demod driver.
		Y: enable
		N: disable
		M: build as module
config AM_MXL101
	tristate "MXL101 demod driver"
	default n
	depends on AM_DVB
	help
		Select to enable MXL101 demod driver.
		Y: enable
		N: disable
		M: build as module
config AM_AVL68xx
	tristate "AVL68xx T2 demod driver"
	default y
	depends on AM_DVB
	help
		Select to enable AVL68xx demod driver.
		Y: enable
		N: disable
		M: build as module
config AM_MXL241_FE
	tristate "MXL241 DVB-C demod driver"
	default y
	depends on AM_DVB
	help
		Select to enable MXL241 demod driver.
		Y: enable
		N: disable
		M: build as module
config AM_MXL683_FE
	tristate "MXL683 ISDB-T demod driver"
	default y
	depends on AM_DVB
	help
		Select to enable MXL683 demod driver.
		Y: enable
		N: disable
		M: build as module
config AM_R840
	tristate "the R840 tuner driver"
	default n
	depends on AM_DVB
	help
		Select to enable R840 tuner driver.
		Y: enable
		N: disable
		M: build as module
endmenu

